Show American children  being removed by CPS crying.
  Stop trying to convince  AMERICANS through these crying children that we did something wrong. 
No ! The parents should be locked up for endangerment and the children taken from them.
Americans  stand strong against the injustices forced upon AMERICANS to accept  ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS.  
I AM PRETTY SURE I CAN'T GO TO ANY OTHER COUNTRY BROKE ASKING FOR  GOVERNMENT ASSISTANCE!
STOP THIS NOW.
Selfishness is the problem, if it is not his child then there is no problem making others life so miserable. Then he teaches us how angelic they are
This isn't our fault. Its the father's fault and he should know that he would have to answer for it someday and that day is now. Everyone agrees that this situation Its heartbreaking but what else should we do? What's the answer ?  There are people here legally and they took the time to abide by the law as it stands right now, insuring this situation doesn't ever happen to them.
I don’t get it why the heck would it be the perants fault that they put their child in cryingness?!? Like that’s not fair they came there to live not to get waited to go in prison “And we have to enforce the law”  like just because your rich doesent mean you have to keep a child crying with out their father like instead of throwing the parents in jail throw the wealthy and mean in jail like the immigrants don’t get treated like this we’re all people all people are welcome but Hispanics there welcome to 😡
"What would you tell that little girl"? I would tell her, " Your daddy broke some laws and he is ultimately the one responsible for you being separated".
Sleazy excuses from a sleazy pig in a suit without a heart.
Brown child cries therefore all laws are invalid
something else ICE and  your President have been doing.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsVotXZAZOg
What if every idea isn't a good idea?
They are here ILLEGALLY and have been ordered by a Judge to leave the country.  We are a Country of Laws and they must follow them
msnbc=fake media mafia
You know all I see is Nazi Germany. Squeezing out the Jews.
Yeah blame them not your imorales, blame them for wanting a better life. Piece of trash.
Donald trump is the Great Deceiver.
Korrupted Kiddy Kamp Kommandant Kooky KuKKinelli caught in bald-faced lie; can't tell truth about boss' racist tweet or anything else because protecting his Fuehrer Trump!
Another Trump administration "acting" director, Matthew Albence of ICE, proves himself to be just one more useless sycophant and soulless monster devoid of humanity in an administration filled with such cretins. Refuses to watch the human carnage he causes, or to go after the employers knowingly hiring immigrants to exploit, who are the real criminals here--not those seeking asylum or better opportunity.
Trump top torture advisor, Stephen Miller: "Go Back means America First. That's not racism! White is the new Black."
Meet the new Trump concentration camp commandant, Boss Morgan...even worse than the old boss! CBP head Mark Morgan wants to change Flores agreement so he can hold children longer than 20 days, inflicting serious, lasting, traumatic harm to those children. He WANTS to be a child abusing monster! Republicans are fully on board!
They broke the law and need to be punished? I'll believe that when you start locking up the American business men who hire the immigrants. It's not like they really, "steal" our jobs. The American businessman gives them the work_ at a reduced rate, of course.  
I scribbled this before noting some of the comments below. Good.
Employers will not be held responsible,the are potential campaign contributors.
So there are endless reports of government atrocities and nobody ever does anything about it. Nobody.  When are Americans going to get real and storm the Bastille?
Idiots! How many Millionaires or PEOPLE who are well off do you see coming to America seeking a better life? Really..
THANK U PRESIDENT TRUMP FOR PUTTING AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST NOT LAST LIKE THE CORRUPT DEMOCRATS IN CONGRESS DO,AND THANK U FOR SAVING AMERICAN CITIZENS TAXPAYERS BILLIONS OF DOLLARS A YR  SND LETTING AMERICAN CITIZENS GET OUR WELFARE BENEFITS NOT I'LLEGALS WHO BROKE INTO AMERICA WHICH IS A CRIME AND EVEN LEGALS WHO SCAM OUR WELFARE SYSTEM AND TELL WELFARE THEY HAVE 10_12 KIDS WHRN THEY ONLY HAVE ONE AND THEY SEND ALL THAT STOLEN WELFARE MONEY BACK TO MEXICO WHERE ALL THERE OTHER KIDS ARE, SCAMMING OUR WELFARE SYSTEM THAT IS FOR AMERICAN CITIZENS.   YOUR EXPOSED I'LLEGALS
WOW TRUMP'S RALLY TONIGHT IS JAM PACKED WITH AMERICAN CITIZENS THAT LOVE OUR GREAT WINNING PRESIDENT TRUMP, THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS THAT COULD FILL A FOOTBALL STADIUM IS INCREDIBLE WOW AMERICA LOVES OUR GREAT WINNING PRESIDENT TRUMP AND ALL HE HAS ACCOMPLISHED IN JUST 3 YRS AND HAS 5 MORE YEARS TO GO WOW TRUMP JUST KEEPS ON WINNING AND THEN ONE OF HIS SONS WILL BE NEXT PRESIDENT,SO AWESOME .
THATS A SET UP BY THE FAKE LYING NEWS MEDIA SHR WAS SEPARATED FROM HER TRAFFICKER AND WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE WHEN AND AMERICAN CITIZEN KIDS GET SEPARATED FROM THERE PARENTS WHEN THEY ARE ARRESTED AND ARE CRYING HAH FAKE LYING NEWS MSNBC,J HAVE NO OUTRAGE BECAUSE THIS IS ALL PROPAGANDA TO ATTACK OUR PRESIDENT.LIKE Q AND TRUMP SAID THESE PEOPLE ARE SICK
I wonder why anybody does not  ask themselves, why don't "Latin America" governments do anything for their citizens?   "It is time for Latin America Take care of their own"
If you ask yourself how people could let the holocaust, slavery, genocide, etc happen it this mind set.Just" Just doing my job" He didn't blink. Hardcore ! Man can b cruel
My son broke the law and was separated from his my family it was rough.  Please help Americans when they break laws.
In short he doesn't care and is not moved.
I hope the illegals begin to understand the harm they are doing to their own children.
"we're enforcing the law"... not long ago it was legal to own slaves... I wonder how history will judge the ICE chief when these laws are abolished for what they represent...
That little girl crying is so sad it makes me cry and angry just thinking about it attacking the Latin race is so wrong they are good people
sum 2019 nazi shi
Guess her parents shouldn't have put her in danger and STAYED HOME
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blJKdNr5VSU
“Just following orders”.
My 11-year-old would cry if I was arrested and went to jail too. So does this mean that I don’t have to go to jail if my 11-year-old daughter stands there and cries? Great deal
"The KKK JUST DOING THEY JOB" 😠😠😠 Stop HIRING KLAN MEMBERS TO UPHOLD THE LAW!!!
Using Kids again, sick! Just sick! 
Try blaming the Parents
CRIMINALS WILL PAY THE PRICE,  WE ARE NOT STEALING MEXICO,  THERE TRYING TO FREELOAD ON THE AMERICAN FAMILY.
I am a man of five kids seeing this breaks my heart I feel so bad for this little girl to have to go through this may God be with her and her family
Hahahahahahahahahahaha.....trump 2020
I stopped the video at the 1 minute 30 second mark. The man's answer was spot-on. Are we supposed to stop enforcing laws when a child starts crying?
What about the American kids cry when Daddy can't find a job because all the illegal alians taking all the jobs
Can't look him in the eyes during interview... speaks volumes.
He doesn’t give a crap about these children. Nothing professional or humane about their behavior. This must stop ✋🏽 trump must stop ✋🏽 why aren’t the Koch brothers arrested? 
Timing of it? Pick a seriously Nazi state of Mississippi. Trump’s is manipulative and needs to be held accountable. 
These disgusting men and women should be shipped out to their own special racist, greedy, gluttonous pigs on an island. ICE MUST BE DISBANDED.
ADIOS< not my problem
WE THE PEOPLE CAN DO SOMETHING:  BOYCOTT THE BUSINESSES THAT DO BUSINESS WITH ANY OF THE  PLANTS RAIDED.
WHITE PEOPLE ARE NOT COMING HERE. THIS IS ALL ABOUT RACIST WHITE PEOPLE TRYING TO HOLD ON TO POWER WITH THE HELP OF RUSSIA WHO IS A COMMUNIST COUNTRY AND HATE AMERICA AS IT IS.  WHITE BIRTH RATE DOWN IN AMERICA BECAUSE THEY CAN'T HAVE THEM  NOBODY WHO IS RICH DON'T WANT TO LIVE HERE OR VISIT AMERICA BECAUSE THEY ARE AFRAID OF BEING GUN DOWN BECAUSE OF HATE.
IF LAWS ARE TO BE ENFORCED WHY IS DONALD THE CONMAN TRUMP STILL POTUS. HE BROKE CAMPAIGN FINANCE LAWS
TAX EVASION AND COLLUDING WITH THE RUSSIANS TO WIN AN ELECTION. NOT TO MENTION DONALD THE CONMAN TRUMP HIRES ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS AT HIS GOLF COURSE.
I'm a bleeding heart. I would LOVE to live in America. I'm an Australian citizen. Highly educated. They wont let me in. So please explain what the problem is? They are in the US I-L-L-E-G-A-L-Y. Yes? So what is the freaking problem? Elucidate me. I despise Trump. The US has borders. So...what's the problem? Ya took a risk. You lost. Such is life. Do it legal.
My community in arkansas is out raged by this and i live in heavy white populated area. No one agrees how they are doing things. I can understand a notice and this being a timly manner... but imagine dropping your kid off on the first day of school thanking god for a second chance and working a job most wont work. Getting that stripped in a day... i use to support a lot of the presidents actions. Allowing this to happen though....anyone except him please...
Knock on effect down the road if this administrations immigration plans work out for them might just be the tanking of the American economy, or at least a partial tanking of specific sectors due to the lack of workers for all these jobs that are becoming vacant and unable to be filled. Many Americans won't work those jobs if they worked hard in school for qualifications to do a more technical or possibly higher paid job in I.T, services, banking, science etc.
He is doing his job, to enforce "INHUMANE" laws.
"Just doing my job..." - Auschwitz guard.
The UN needs to step in and charge the United States with crimes against humanity and impose sanctions. The United States government needs to be held accpuntable for this cruelty against minorities and children. Disgusting and immoral behaviour shpuld never be accepted as the norm. These immigrants do stand on tbeir own two feet. They work damm hard for low wages while rich employers, like Trump, and his cronies & donors take advantage of these poor people. Disgusting!!!!!
No, you don't have to do it.
Bernie for President 2020
I think I cried when I was a little kid when my parents left me.  I think LBJ was president then.  I want reparations!!!
Look at this Trump toady! He doesn't have an empathetic cell in his corpulent body. Take his kids away; although they'd probably be thankful and he wouldn't care.
He dosen't even have the decency to look at the video. And how come they arrested every brown person that was there whether they were legal or not.
Enforce the law then.... LOCK CHEETO UP ALREADY!!!!!!
When a murderer gets arrested I hope MSNBC  is there to show his kids crying.  Then we will all agree to let him murder people and set him free.
How can that POS sleep at night? And if he does sleep, I hope he hears the cries of these children in his nightmares!
The face of America world wide.
MSNBC why do your disgusting Media Hounds show Vulnerable CHILDREN like this. "CHILD ABUSE". These poor children can not escape their parents Criminal Behavior. Please stop this ABUSE IMMEDIATELY.
What a heartless human being. That is all I can say.
He shouldn't have children. Take the children away from him. He shows no sympathy!
My heart breaks for this child.. how can our government be so cruel?
this smacks of Nuremburg "We were only following orders"
You have to enforce the law unless you the employer smh
"But did he come here illegally tho...?"
what a "Trump"
A Federal Court ordered family separations from immigration issues are to be stopped and reversed.

The immigrants may be guilty of a misdemeanor but those not stopping the cruel and unusual punishment are guilty of contempt of court.
This is like Hitler's Germany rounding up the Jews.
How much is enough?
2 years ago was enough for me.
only a coward would do things like this...his name is...trump..or should i say......CHUMP
This breaks my heart. I thought as a country- we cared about child welfare....with ICE it seems children are nothing more than  collateral damage
Trump only targets brown children.
At least they get a free flight home. I cant even get out of a freaking stupid traffic ticket and I’m an American.
He clearly said that he was after illegals who were commiting crimes.  Then he criminalizes entering the country illegally.

Clearly, he wasn't after Criminals, but after Mexicans.
Parents are responsible for their children. They've made their personal choices; If illegal and going to be deported, then make a plea to take your family, rather than seperate, and leaving them behind. They're not any easy solutions.
Bad answer. You can’t answer the question because you have no empathy or compassion for a child of color.
@queen yaya - why all the blame on the United State?  It is time to start doing what is right putting the blame on Latin American Governments they have to start claiming their citizens and not having them to flee their home countries!!!
@Phernoza Espinoza What? Lol man! Where in my comment did you get that? You completely took my comment out of context! Lol, calm down man.
How are you professional when you lock up 700 people then ha e to release 300 hundred the next day. That called stupidity and yes you should talk to these kids remember kids and let them know they will be ok but i guess 50 out of 50 is working in these round up. I love what we have become smh
A kid is crying? Quick, burn the constitution!
MSNBC is using children as shields for political gain.  The truth:  You get separated from your kids if you're a criminal who gets caught and arrested.  Everyone is treated equally in this respect.  MSDNC would have you think this is abnormal and racist.  It's not.  Every criminal is separated from their kid.
Stop shilling for criminals, MSDNC.
"What would you tell that little girl?"
"I don't think I would speak to the little girl. I would speak to the parents, and I would speak to the community at large."

They took her parents from her, she's addressing them, tether wouldn't speak to her?
Obama did it to no one believes the news anymore
lol they shouldn’t break the law they shouldn’t be putting children in danger
Jesus was born illegal, these clowns would hand him over to the romans
4 legs good. 2 legs better
No animal shall sleep in a bed... with sheets.
Here we go. More children victimized in the crusade against brown people. How many of those people who were taken, have been here, working hard and paying taxes for decades!
ICE raid was so successful that dozens, if not hundreds, of children had no where to go. No shelter, no food, no clothing and no comfort. No plan whatsoever, for their care or well being. Thankfully a few good people of that community rallied around those stricken children.
And NO EMPLOYERS held accountable.
It's amazing what passes for success, or just behavior from our government these days.
Fix the immigration system you cruel, lazy POS's. Do it legally, do it humanely, do it now! 
While you are working on it, please remember that we don't want anymore hateful, useless POS like Stephen Miller in our country. We have more than enough hate mongers in our government and our communities. Keep that trash out.
💔
Don't say too much!!!! Trump will get you out of here
Some mouths are so punchable, especially after they speak. That could've been a guard at Auschwitz or Heinrich Himmler saying that just the same as a U.S. Homeland Security Director.
This administration is being cruel to children for cruelty’s sake. Why would someone destroy a child’s mental health forever? Why, God? Our nation needs you now more than ever. Lord, I pray for you to stop all this cruelty and persecution. This has to stop. Our country is better than this.
The smart thing the children can do is grow up to be enemies of the government.    Learn how to impact it and for change by becoming involved with the system and change the process.

Thats right, a whole generation is going to rise.  Corrupt scum like Trump will be put in their place!
Migrants legally move country's, criminals are separated from their kids, this man should have thought of that before raising his kids in a country he resides in as an illegal alien. Sad but no ones fault except the father.
The chief of ICE under this president is almost certainly a racist. What did you expect?
That's what the Nazis said just doing my job just following orders you watch suicide rate will go up for ice agents a human soul is repulsed by this law enforcement
Acting ICE director, Not sure that you have kids or grand kids. I am wondering if you believe there is a God and he punishes.  If you aren’t part of or don’t agree with what we see, look for another job.  What is weird in all of that, the grand parents or the parents of some of you are immigrants
Migrating to have a job and feed your family is a crime. Nobody wants to do those jobs, why don't we have a system where they can come and work and stop making it a crime to want to feed your family without hurting anyone. The president has criminalize  people seeking asylum and help. America was, and is being made by immigrants.  Everyone here comes from immigrants.  So stop humiliating brown people for Trump's entertainment.  Give those people a visa to work, it would make everything easier.  Migrating is not a crime.
He has no heart his kids will turn on him
White people are just determined to have every race to hate them.
The director earned near said, “Business.”
I don't support illegal immigration but this guy is full of it. There have been multiple counts of our own president breaking the law. We don't have a president, we have a king. 

Several members of his own cabinet have been forced to resign amid scandal. 

We are lost.
Kings are stood down or abicate.. You have a dictatorship
Look  I'm a Mexican American. And I agree with the Chief. Ultimately it's the parents who are responsible not to put children in those situations as also the media shouldn't be videoing children and exploit them to their favor. I'm a mother and I have broken the law and had CPS take my children and no one put their photos or videos on the major news stations. Is it because I'm a US citizen?  Because I was born here.  Just because they don't speak our language doesn't doesn't mean that they don't know the difference between right and wrong
Crisis actor and propaganda
this is straight up cruelty!
every white person on north america is a immigrant
Showing the video of a crying girl is rather cheap. It‘s the opposite of serious journalism. The guy from ICE is right, law enforcement often has consequences for innocent bystanders. So the solution is not enforcing the law because everyone is going to hide behind a child?
So is trump trying to get rid of them before 2020 so they can't vote against him
he is probably that stupid.  it takes approximately 10 years to gain citizenship so that they can vote.
The White males don’t give a d... about nonWhites. NonWhites if you are here with kids illegally, get out while you have access to your kids.
Coward.
Trump is probably whacking off to it. He is a man with no heart.
Just doing what they are told have been proven to be a bad excuse in international war crime courts. If this is not against United Nations regulations it should be. 😡😡😡😡
Just another POS from this administration. What a surprise.
He's good at lying. I must admit but his mouth is dry and his horns are showing.
Coward.
Now she know her dad is a crimnal.  Wjen you break the law and get arrest you have no rights.
He speaks of having to separate children from their parents when they get called for a domestic violence, well sir you would do so because the environment would be considered dangerous for the child and that child would be left with a family member or family friend these kid were in NO physical dangers and a lot of them were left at schools with no one to come and pick them up or bused home after school and locked out of their home with NO idea what was going on😡😡😠 oh I hope I'm standing behind you on judgement day so I can hear you explain to God about your laws for HIS CHILDREN!!!! May he have mercy on all of you!!!
He wouldn't even look at  the video....First thing he said...I wouldn't  speak to that little girl.....EXACTLY...coward.  He  even dared to compare this situation to domestic violence.
You're GOOD people, Americans.. Now, is the time to bring forth the shining light of your souls and BE the saviors of humanity, of yourselves. - What you do to the least of me, you do to me... Don't forget. Love be upon you.
The idea that "I was only following orders"  was litigated during the Nuremberg Trials.  It didn't fly then and it doesn't now.  That's the last gasp of the desperate to justify actions that they know are wrong.
Vote against every single Republican, in every single election, for the rest of your lives.
The selective outrage is ridiculous and makes you look like a hypocrite. Children around the world are separated from their parents every single day if their parents commit crimes. What's your solution for that?

So blind, so stupid. But thank you for making the 2020 choice so easy for millions of Americans. Idiots.
We were just following orders! Now where have I heard that before?
Democratic party win 2020
Democratic party is. the hope for all. American PEOPLE
Don't worry be patient the Democratic party is ours hope we will win with the victory of the Democratic party
We all vote Democratic party the union is strong we want peace freedon. Education for young people American and JOB
Absolutely NO.  When law enforcement officers make arrests and children are involved there is NEVER AN EXPECTATION THAT PARENT MAY NEVER SEE THEIR CHILDREN AGAIN like their is with ICE.  This just sounds like a guilty man trying to make an excuse for a morally abhorrent action, “I was just following orders”.
Seriously?? You freaking parasitic Democrat whores take advantage of every situation. How about you take care of American citizens first before you try to save the world?
Boo hoo
 Please show pictures of American citizens being separated from their children as they go to jail
Lol look how he doesn't want to look at the video.
This is exactly why immigration reform is so necessary, because right now this is the law. However, there are discretionary options, much as supported under Obama hoping reform would happen. If the DoJ directs LEOs to make these arrests, they have to. It is our Congress that needs to be held responsible for changing the law. We must pressure our Congress representatives to change these laws.
Boy liberals are pullling out all the stops lmao.  the parents put themselves in this situation.
No more babying people. Nip more handouts. Don't give any one any more money
Crack down all the way.  Illegals need too go, they are law breaking criminals.
Your English is broken.  You Russian ?
Oh , really!!
No employers acted against due to an " ongoing investigation ".
Can't wait to see Barr's redacted report on this " ongoing investigation " of employers once it's completed .
Personally , I don't believe any such investigation is taking place.
520 Million more are still crying south of the Border 😂
The parents should be responsible. Not the government.
The absolute best people in world history all had the ability to recognize when a law is unjust and did something about it. This guy definitely is not one of these people.
why not arrest Trump..Mr coldblooded  ICE.. for breaking all those US laws he breaks every day.  Like emolliements taking in office..slandering citizens  while having immunity from prosecution...money laundering etc... wasting $millions of taxpayer taxes   on golf is really a big crime..
The Trump administration is racist.  Pure and simple.
My daughter is nine.
This situation should have been done after Adam and eve but obviously people have turned their backs and faith away from god and his laws
Sickening behaviour. Abolish ICE
Trump is making a mockery of the US ethos of immigration and the American dream. He has more in common with Mussolini than Washington.
He compared a Laborer to  Domestic Abuser?  Nice spin.  Goes perfect with his lack of compassion for this little girl's heartache.  Good robot.
Send her back home. Immigrants come to America to get free schooling,  Food Stamps, Free Housing, and a Social Security check for themselves and every one of their children.
Domestic violence and seeking asylum are two VERY DIFFERENT things. Smfh
But but but I thought you socialists are all about the “ rule of law “  ?
 The dad broke our laws , shouldn’t he be prosecuted for that ? 
 😝😝😝😝😝😝😝
American citizens are arrested every day you don't see the news media caring about their children do you?
Seeing this will be a deterrent for people with money, they recognize racism when they see it
It's heartbreaking what's happening to families. Yes, CPS should have been prepared to assist the children; the parents knew what they were doing could end exactly like this. They took the risk knowing full well their children would be directly affected & devastated.
I'm waiting for employers to be arrested and charged
heartless monsters!  when trump is out, his whole admin needs to go with him!  replace every single appointment he made and any others who have kowtowed to him as well!  they do not reflect America, in fact they do the opposite!  putin must be proud of his traitors/monsters!
They Broke the law.
The employers are under investigation for bigger crimes.
MS Nothing But CRAP.
Stop spreading You fake narrative.
TRUMP2020
He can barely look the reporter in the eye.  He knows what has happened is despicable. I really hope he can't sleep at night.
Illegally crossing into the US is a MISDEMEANOR! Additionally, ICE and NSA need to be shut down completely! They are only 17 years old and have done NOTHING but spend a LOT of taxpayer $$!
You ghoulish demon, you try your best to maximise the harm...especially to children
VOTE THESE CRUEL SOBS OUT IN 2020! He couldnt even LOOK at that video!! #VOTEBLUE
Heartbreaking
Why bother inviewing shitface. Compares this to domestic violence,  really.. tell mr fuk'n ICe chief to get fuk'd.
To MSNBC : there are BLACK children crying because their parents are WRONGFUL in prison. Can your network talk about those children too. Black lives matter too not just Latino/ Latino Immigrants.
Heil Twitler!
I don’t think ICE needs to be shown this or any video to understand the harm their actions cause—that’s the job, unfortunately.  Not following the job would likely lead towards an officers termination.  Working for ICE is a choice that no is obligated to work for, so this video, sadly, probably doesn’t mean much to them—breaking up families is the job😢
What's going to happen to these kids????  Who's responsibility is it?  If the children are not reunited with their parents then what????  And don't give the same BS you all keep spouting.  You are a poor excuse for any law enforcement agency.  Get a backbone or get out.
trump, I.C.E, and all these soul-less sycophants in “government” should get a taste of their own medicine. Were all their ancestors rich, educated, and self sufficient when they came to America? What garbage we have running our country.
“migrant dad” ?!?! oh you mean ILLEGAL ALIEN. Any other american who commits a crime gets arrested too, welcome to america.
The real criminals wear suits and ties.
where were you snowflakes doing when obama did the same thing? nothing thats what...
"Unfortunate"... that's provably the biggest understatement I've heard in a long time! The man wouldn't even look at the video at first, then I think he realized how cowardly it made him look. This is NOTwhat America, the America I was raised in anyway, is about!
Disgraceful American government
For all the idiots saying they are criminals for being illegal.... under US law being illegal is only a misdemeanor, and its in the same category as a traffic ticket which is also a misdemeanor. Alot of you MFs up here with DUIs and Felonies or friends and families with DUIs and Felonies talking about these people's misdemeanor for being illegal...lmao when you are the real criminals!
That's very true. It's a shame that any American can watch this or the hearings on migrants and other news reports about how these children and women and men are being abused and argue or right fight what this disgusting government is doing to people.
What does ICE do with the money and IDs they take out of their pockets?
He's a monster.
If they do this everyday, where are the children.  God is watching.
These companies should be held liable for hiring illegal immigrants. But their in bed with Washington.
The law will drag you out of your house in front of your kids for owing money. Cry me a river.
We enforced the law with ''professionalism, with compassion and humanity''???   Really???  These 'professional, compassionate, humanitarians' grabbed anyone with brown skin regardless of the fact that dozens of those they so brutally rounded up like cattle were freed within hours... because they weren't illegals at all!    What about their traumatised little children???   Was that distraught little girl who will carry the scars of this terrible act one of those who's parents were released???  
Went off without a hitch did it???  No! No! No! No!!! 
Barbarian white thugs carrying out the barbaric orders of their vicious, Neo-Nazi Barbarian-in-Chief who ordered this heartless raid to be carried out while the living of two cities were mourning their dead and dying!!!  
Thought this would go unnoticed under all the photo ops. adoring crowds and glorifications of your wonderful unwanted 'presidential' visits to El Paso and  Dayton Mr Trump?   Well that didn't work out so well did it, since none of the hospitalized survivors would have anything to do with you so you had to ship in a recovering baby to bolster your ego! 
So this is what we have become now is it???  Is this the vile, corrupt, inhumane, barbaric, racist America we live in now??? 
What next? How about you rally your flagging popularity with a photo opp. of some cattle trains full of brutalised brown men, women and children heading for gas chambers in extermination camps?    
I'm beyond tears... I'm beyond despair... I'm beyond disgusted!!!   Seig Heil mein Fuhrer Trump!!!
bravo!  very well said!
@mary jones Thank you Mary.  I'm just so angry and heartbroken right now that I couldn't keep it in any longer when I watched that pompous, insincere white man trying to justify that despicable raid and disrespectfully barely glancing at the clip of that distraught little girl... a clip that still makes me cry every time I see it!
@Christiane Carson yvw, and me too!  this is absolutely unamerican behavior!
@mary jones Yes Mary,  it's more in keeping with corrupt 3rd world dictatorships!
Idi Amin, Robert Mugabe, Saddam Hussain (and obviously Hitler) spring to mind.  We absolutely HAVE to vote blue in 2020 if Trump and his vile party are still not in jail!  It's going to take decades, if ever,  to undo this madness. Sadly, the history books will never forget!!!
I'm in Europe at the moment and I cringe in shame every time the people ask me what's going on in America.  I'm frequently tempted to pretend I'm Canadian, but I don't because I want to show them that not all of us across the pond are deranged racist lunatics.  As a frequent visitor to the EU visiting family, I've never faced such derision and disgust before... it's been a real eyeopener!  
Good night, dear lady, it's nearly 2 am here so it's time for bed, just praying that I will escape from my recurring nightmares of babies in cages and a desperate little girl pleading for her daddy to be returned to her.
@Christiane Carson i do agree, but he more closely resembles hitler of the 1930s, his hero btw.  please hang in there, we will get our country back.  praying that God soothes your heart and soul and you have only sweet dreams.  you deserve them, having such a good heart.  God bless.
@mary jones God bless!
@Christiane Carson ty so much!  sleep well :)
If you eat Sauerkraut, Pretzels, and Weisswürstl for breakfast, you are most welcome to the USA
VOTE BLUE if you know what is good for you. VOTE BLUE!
I imagine he thought to himself.. At least we aren't tearing their bodies apart in the womb like you baby killers.
Totally tone deaf. Totally evading the responsibility he holds.  Reminds me of Heimlich Himmler.
She still has illegal immigrant mom.
When,,,the police shows up someone's going to jail,,,.  That's what they call serve and collect,,,. !!!
45 & friends are all above law. 
ICE agents have a black hole where a heart goes. 
“Have to enforce laws except the employers, 45,& rich people.  Disgusting. 
That was completely unprofessional. Sick
this ahole is a parent? scary thought.
@Foof y - ask yourself why doesn't Latin American Governments a claim their citizens?????  L.O.L
Heartless. Trumps a fool. Your as heartless as Trump. God help you all. Enough is enough.
republicans are satanists
I guess now we need to start showing Kids crying or spouses when the Dad or Husband goes to prison huh. HER dad, broke the LAW. This is a valuable lesson. DO NOT BREAK THE LAW and YOU WON'T GO THROUGH THIS.
Don Williams The Trump family also broke immigration laws before.  But that was ok, right?
Not to mention, Fred Trump was arrested at a KKK rally.  But that's ok, too, right?
heartless
Yeah we need more people like Obama, the guy that deported more people than every other President. The guy that had the cages built for the kids. Obama sure has compassion. LMAO, wow you liberals are so dumb.
Every last one of them is the scum on the surface of the pond.  Please people, vote these obstructionists out!!
wow MSNBC thinks poor people can't take care of themselves. CLASSISTS!
lmao "wHy DiDn'T tHeY GiVe tHeM aDvAnCe NoTiCe ThAt tHeY'd bE aRrEsTeD?"
Cold as ICE !
"When are the NAZI death camps due to go into operation, America?" - The World.
Soon hopefully
@Mr. White Sure, Kasparov, sure..
@Diogenes69 Wesley ,
Does that tinfoil hat itch?
@Mr. White I pity all my brothers and sisters, who let fake Russian racist troll-bot garbage like you get under their skin. I myself have already failed, by interacting with you. Why don't you delete your account, and then delete your life, you worthless, miserable fool?
@Diogenes69 Wesley you have a great deal of company.  anyone with a soul has done so at some point.  God bless you.
Why blur the ICE officers faces. Obviously they are proud of the work they do, so give them full visibility.
The United States makes billions off of undocumented immigrants in taxes every year. They are not a strain on society like the right wingers want you to believe.  Most are hard working, family oriented, good people just trying to do the best for their children’s future.
This is objectively false
Mr. White no it is not
Mr. White “Research reviewed by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office indicates that between 50 percent and 75 percent of unauthorized immigrants pay federal, state, and local taxes. Illegal immigrants are estimated to pay in about $7 billion per year into Social Security.” — it’s really easy to research and look this information up on your own you know.
@Carrie Mahoney ,
Cite your sources showing an economic benefit from illegal immigration.
@Carrie Mahoney ,
And how much do they take in social services? 
If you run a business without counting your expenses you're going to close shop pretty soon. 
Your numbers are worthless unless they account for the costs.
Mr. White tell that to the billionaire companies that hire many undocumented workers. It must be working out pretty well for those businesses. If undocumented workers pay taxes they should also benefit from our social services. Also, Google is free. Learn to research. Nice fake YouTube profile btw. Troll.
We all need a little more empathy for everyone involved in this mess...except for the “lawmakers”. Crimes against humanity charges for them.
The question was "what would you tell this little girl?" The ACTING ICE director deflected the original question better than skellyann con-artist!
Any bets the leftist commrats in the fake news will show this father's kids crying  because  their daddy was killed  by an illegal  https://www.breitbart.com/politics/2019/08/09/sanctuary-church-helped-illegal-alien-evade-deportation-before-he-allegedly-killed-father-of-five/
Children are daily separated from their families and abandoned in foster care... where's the "outrage" for those AMERICAN children, bleeding heart phonies--or do your hearts only bleed for illegal immigrants?
Heart breaking,      only monsters will do this to another human
yeah need more people like Obama, the guy that deported more people than every other President. The guy that had the cages built for the kids. Obama sure has compassion. LMAO, wow you are dumb.
Albence doesn't see a child crying; he only sees "brown".
Is trump allow to separate the children from their parents ? keeping them away from them and send them their parents  back to their countries they came from and keeping  their children ? Is this not against the law ?  where in the Constitution says that we have the right to send their parents back ti their coyntrues and keep their children . trump is violinting the human righta !!!!
The orange turd is turning the USA into a PRIVATE CLUB!!!
It’s apparent that ICE officers don’t know the law. They follow orders like SS troopers. This guy keeps saying they broke the law. What he doesn’t know is that the US caused this problem. We destabilized much of Latin America over the decades propping up corrupt puppet dictators that let criminals and cartels run amok and don’t protect their citizens. These people are fleeing for their very survival to the only country they think can save their family - the US!  Then they get here and are treated worse than felons for breaking a law that is ONLY a misdemeanor. So imagine getting separated from your kids and treated subhuman for a jay walking ticket.
heartless SOB'S. Can you imagine getting tucked into bed with THAT GUY as your father???
I fully support this guy and I would have done the same thing. As an enforcement officers, you don't get to pick and choose what laws to follow. And p.s. I'm tuck my kids in every night and you will not find a more loving/affectionate father on this planet that I.
As you treat the least of these where is the Christianity
@John Edward There are 60M Hispanics in this country and they now represent 20% of our population. We have made better lives for all these people, but now it's time to look after our own and close the border. Enough is enough. There are millions and millions of people suffering in this world who would love to come to America, so how about we spread the "love" and "Christianity" to other companies (all colors) beside Mexico? That is true diversity.
No, you do have to speak to the little girl as well as the parents. The USA has lost all  compassion under this administration.  You are better than this America.
yeah need more people like Obama, the guy that deported more people than every other President. The guy that had the cages built for the kids. Obama sure has compassion. LMAO, wow you are dumb.
1st it was the American Indians, then the blacks, now the Latinos... when will these whites ever stop?!!! Is it their nature to be so evil? They're like bullies who just have to pick on someone everytime! Where are the white quakers, their descendants, who believe in equality of all races? Time for you all to come out and speak up against this injustice!!! They're your kind. Take action against them "bullies!!!"
He should never have broke our laws.
U.S.A government corrupted to the core.
Yup, the Obama admin was totally corrupt.
HMMM he didn't say ANYTHING about talking to the BOSSES that hire illegally!!!  Wonder why that is???
Laura Lucky because his big boss does that all day long.   Total hypocrite
Why not put all this energy to find all the child trafficking here in the usa, instead of parents working for less then minimum wage?
Prosecute the employers!
He couldn't look at the video.
Vote blue!
Welcome to the divided states of twitler.
Sucks to have parents that break the law. If I go to jail my kids don't go with me and they would cry. Solution, I don't break the law and my kids are not crying. You are fools.
ICE has become the racist tool of brown shirt Steven Miller. He's the one who needs to be put in a cage then shipped off to El Salvador. ASAP!!
Jody Sheridan yep
I hope one day that crying girl will run for the office
Cazim Melkic and win!
Guess what little girl, your father is a criminal.  He's in America ILLEGALLY, is using SOMEONE ELSE'S ID, and using our welfare to feed you.
Somebody try to separate me and my kid somebody wouldn't be going home for supper tonight
Well just try taking your kid to another country and enter illegally
Divert, divert, divert. I won't listen to people who won't answer the question...bye.
Funny how the right is so against illegals working but never say a word about the "patriots" hiring them instead of Americans. Who's more at fault the person looking for a job or the companies that hire them?🤔
Both are at fault obviously and anyone who is rational would see that.
 and I'm a conservative
ITS HER FATHER'S FAULT!!! WE CAN'T SUPPORT THEM ALL!!! THESE PEOPLE DONT RESPECT OUR LAWS!!! TRUMP 2020 MAGA!!!!
It's not inconceivable that people will get tired of this and the National Guard will have to shoot US citizens of every color instead of just the brown ones.
yes.
First they came for the socialists, and I did not speak out—because I was not a socialist.

Then they came for the trade unionists, and I did not speak out— because I was not a trade unionist.

Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out—because I was not a Jew.

Then they came for me—and there was no one left to speak for me.
@mary jones well....if you want free stuff you need to be in prison or an immigrant holding facility JK SRCSM YDA YDA YDA....
Ice needs to be abolished let them eat out of a dumpster
So you're all about illegals invading our country then right ?
   If people come here legally there would be no problems.
@Janet Masiello I believe in common-sense immigration laws Humanity decency and dignity for human beings. Let's just take the Immigrant out of the equation these new immigration policies are going to cost the United States billions of dollars. If you're a stupid person you won't be able to figure it out. If you are a smart person then you know what I'm talking about. And again if you need me to explain it you are stupid
What LAW says separate children from their parents who are LEGALLY SEEKING  ASYLUM???   They are seeking a better life.

THEY ARE HUMANS!!!  

AMERICA IS A MELTING POT - We are ALL descended from IMMIGRANTS- POTUS wife from Slovenia was an immigrant.  The White House is run by a HEARTLESS, MALIGNANT NARCISSIST!  Look it up - narcissist.
They cannot feel empathy.  Like Chris Watts...Narcissist!
I just wonder what Matthew Albence's wife and kids think of him as a human being. That "I'm just doing my job" only carries so much weight. Maybe it's time to find a respectable job that his wife and kids can be proud of. smh
Shame Shame Shame
Don’t come here illegally and this doesn’t happen🤷‍♂️
Don't make the mistakes your parents made lol girl and the your kids won't need to cry
"Bring me your workers and laborers. Once ICE shows up, you can arrest them. I'll get more anyways."-Owners
Boy, it's a good thing the MSM doesn't have any power to change things, because they certainly seem blind to what is going on between the dots that they report. Human suffering? American human suffering? We don't care! We are MSM, and we make money from the heinous stupidity of this Trump guy, whether there are American concentration camps or not.
Like father like girl. 
She’ll end up breaking laws and landing in jail herself probably.
天皇老子 Interesting presumption.  Do you really believe that?  Wasn't Donald Trump's father arrested at a KKK rally?  It was a violent rally, too, wasn't it? To promote hatred? Where was this little girl's father arrested...while at work...to support his family...you're very courageous with your comment, by the way, and doing it under anonymity...that's even more courageous.
America does not approve.
DEPORT THE HEAD OF ICE. HES NOT NATIVE AMERICAN. HE MUST GO
King Bones put him in a cage
@King Bones - Are native American..... L.O.L
no wars to fight that has the attention of the voters so they fabricate a harmless enemy and proceed with criminal inhumane activities to a minority.  The goal? This is to garner the votes from hateful poor and under educated and confused racists to vote for RepubliKKKlan senators to stay in office so they can appease their donors- large corps and billionaires to line their pockets.
Minimal impact on children, but it so happened that minimum was the maximum possible devastation for all children involved. 🤣 WOW this is US business as usual, now??  Kinda like calling children's services and wresting parents for a joint.  And Americans on the left do not protest 🤣.  Too busy trying not to lose their minimum wage jobs and keep from being labelled a "radical".  Americans are weak weak weak. Dandelions
The Trump supporters have been sold a bill of goods about immigrants from our Southern neighbors.  Most come here, work hard, and strive to succeed for their families. Mr. Albence once stated that this little girl was okay because she still got to go home to her Mom.  The kind of thing a guy with real heart would attempt to use as an excuse.
The fact that none of the Mississippi employers illegally employing these poor people were detained says it all about how the Trump team really is.  The poor go to jail and the wealthy taking advantage of the poor get off with no punishment.  How nice.
Finally you guys are reporting the real news not fake news it's about time you report the factsguess those people should have thought about doing things legally when you break the law you get separated from your family I've been there nobody cried for me
First lady is an immigrant living off federal tax dollars. Send her back!
The coward won't even look at that child. Despicable.
The ICE Chief cowardly could not nor wanted to look at 
the girl crying for her separation of the parents.

These Forked-Tongue Pale-Faces have no guts to squarely
speak to this little girl and soothe her with hope.

Instead these Racist White Trash Caucasians deflect from 
answering the questions asked to them.

They are nothing but animals in the same category of Jeffrey Epstein.
He wouldnt even look at the video... If your ashamed to watch it then its wrong.
Don't American people have to fallow the law ? And if you don't you go to jail and your kids get take .............................
If you can plainface that video you're heartless, and as such should not be in any position of power as almost every position of power must come with a sense of compassion.
You were raised by women.
@al jbug mother and father, thanks 👍🏿
Democrats made AMERICAN TAXPAYERS get OBAMACARE  . It was expensive  . BUT ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS GET FREE HEALTHCARE  . DEMOCRATS =TAXPAYERS LAST  !
What would Jesus do.
Obey the law of the LAND  !!!! That's would JESUS CHRIST would do.
Jesus would help the people who need help the most.He wouldn't obey man's law I guarantee you of that.
The parents broke the law. Secondly the statue of liberty was built for the freed slaves, not the immigrants. Stop messing with history, you've taken enough from the black man
"I don't think I would speak to the little girl."

That's because you're a coward.
So, no blame on her parents for breaking the law and jeopardizing their kid?
@Logical Conservative What about undocumented immigrants who are still waiting on their papers who are treated as illegal as well?
@InvaderPet Yep.  No blame at all.  Let's just ignore the rampant child kidn@ping and trafficking, too.
@InvaderPet AND???????
You Democrats are the cowards and hypocrites. Your boy Obama caged kids and separated families.
I guarantee if they started rounded up White Parents that overstay their visa(Which the MAJORITY of illegal immigrants are) They would see things a little bit different.
What a piece of work.He will have his day.
No he wont. Hes doing his job dummy.
Parents broke the law, this is a fact.
Frankly, I"m totally unsympathetic!! These illegal aliens KNEW they were here illegally and should have gotten their families in order and returned to their countries before the American tax payer's were forced to waste our tax payer money on deporting these law breakers! Take your families back with you to your country. NO, you do NOT have any "human right" to break into someone else's country and thinking you can work and stay here!! Go home and avoid this kind of situation. Plain and simple. NO SYMPATHY!!
What about confiscating the proceeds of crime (the real estate and bank accounts) from the Republican owners of these businesses who attract and hire illegal immigrants and turn them into government facilities to pay for the costs of immigration enforcement?
Well said
AMERICAN MEXICANS SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP LOS ANGELS  . YES. BORDER LAW !!! EVERYONE IS WELCOME TO OUR COUNTRY  . GET IN LINE.
I'm all for legal immigration.  BUT !...
.. we're gonna arrest their parents during school, so a little child will go to an empty home  ??? Wtf  ICE  ?  Reminds me of a European country prior to WW2 that captured innocent people and held then in camps(until death).  We all remember that , and the similarities are real.  I don't care who wins the presidency,  just get rid of the puppet.
Some of the Gestapo had children and wives....WTF does that have to do with treating other human beings like trash that is separated and then tossed away!!?
Kids have been crying in my community after there parents have been taken to jail for decades. So idk why this is such a big deal now. If the law is broken you go to jail. Im not a Trump supporter but it is what it is. I agree with the director. You cant tell people hey we are going to have a raid so all the illegal immigrants get a heads up. This is why im not a Democrat or a Republican they are both extremely stupid 🤦🏽‍♀️
CONSERVATIVE CHRISTIANS!! ARE MURDERERS!! ITS A FACT!!... [[ALT-RIGHT]]... BIBLE!!! BANGING!!! BIGOTS!!!💯👹💯⛧💯👹💯⛧☠☠☠
The guy is talking about compassion while watching the video of the little girl
Blame the father
You can address the little girl. For starters, you can tell her that you're sorry, and really mean it. And, not for her sake, but yours. Because, it is wrong, and probably not lawful (in the final analysis). Prevention of illegal immigration should be the higher priority; not making an example of little ones like her. The image is powerful, and relevant to the conversation
I would quit before doing this nazi crap. As a atheist I, unlike the the Christians who seem to stand by and do nothing, have morals. I have taught my children and grandchildren that all people are equal and they know how wrong this is and are speaking out against crap.
Ok so the law must be enforced so why have there been no raids on MS 13 areas???????
Tons of MS-13 have been arrested and deported
Evidence?  you think they would go quietly???@Janet Masiello
These bullies do not have the insightfulness to realize that these thousands of wounded traumatized children will one day be adults.  These unjust laws are the seeds which will produce a bumper crop this country will not be ready for. God  says WOE to such ppl who legislate unjust laws to hurt ppl. Woe, in this case, doest mean stop. It means Condemnation. Isaiah 10:1-3.
Well if they're here illegally,  they can become adults in another country
he can't make a proper sentence, illiterate peace of sh... I just enforce the law, I was ordered to do so etc. this world is screwed
Are you suggesting that cops pick and choose what laws to follow and what laws to break. Do you know what that is called? ANARCHY!
ALL ((CONSERVATIVES)) ARE RACIST!! TERRORISTS!! AND MURDEROUS!! TRUMPANZEE!!💯👹💯☣💯☢💯💩💯⛧💯☠
Thir kind of reporting is literal propaganda.
Can someone tell me what happened to the little girl?
Why are we mixing up legal and illegal immigration . To just allow anybody to enter your country illegally is not sustainable .
The parents broke the law and they are the cause of their childrens suffering as hard as that is to accept.
ah yes #hauptsturmfuhrermiller....
just because there is a law
doesn't make it right
there were racial purity laws in 1930's Germany
were they right?
You cannot possibly be trying to conflate Hitler gassing his own people with the United States upholding our immigration laws.
 You can't possibly be doing that....
can you ?
Janet Masiello   It is only steps away from Italians being rounded up and caged.
@Magick Moi 
Not if they're here legally.
Immigrants are NOT the problem. CEOs & rich , sucking BILLIONS OF DOLLARS away , is the problem
You also have the right (or even the obligation) to refuse "enforcing the law", if you find it morally wrong. Blindly following orders ALWAYS led to social disasters as history shows!
Don't be stupid,   the disaster will come if mass illegal immigration is not stopped.   Have you seen Europe lately ?
These people are not being charged with domestic violence. Their crime is Federal Misdemeanor Trespass. It's all a distraction away from the corporate takeover of the United States
It`s a deterent to people who may be Democrats filling out the census or voting.
As long as they are not  illegals
@Janet Masiello Huh?
Those cold hearted donkeys don’t care. But Karma sees no bank account or position.
that crying girl has already disappeared and can not be located.
why do 1000s of immigrant children disappear every year?
Because the person who brought her to this country sold her to a pedo.
Yet Trump breaks the law, obstructs the investigations and gets off Scott free while talking about law and order. Insanity at its best.
NO OBSTRUCTION NO COLLUSION. RUSSIAN HOAX.
This little girl REPRESENTS the horror of  what so many defenseless children suffer in the name of the Law. We are intelligent enough to create humane  methods which cause the very least amount of trauma to children. Let's be real, the ghestapo type raids are purposely  designed to inflict terror.   And  because that is the intent God will answer with His Justice. I promise.   Hebrews 10:30, 31.  Math 18:6, Isaiah 10:1-3,   Psalms 82:1-7.
Deterrent value..yes that is why he separates children from parents.  What a leader and staff!  Listen to the Nazis and please them..especially to Steven Miller.
It's funny you don't blame them people who broke the law
 it's their fault
Anyone who doesn't shed a tear seeing that little girl crying for her daddy have no soul.

This ICE chief turns stone cold and acted like these people that they are locking up are criminals and rapists. smh.

This is how Nazi created concentration camps and escalated to death camps. Dehumanization of the powerless.
The Nazis gassed their own citizens to death in concentration camps !
you imbecile
Isn't there someplace we can send Steven Miller back to?
Not that no one else works hard but, Mexicans definetly do. Has anyone noticed their focus at any job they do?
Not saying that Mexicans don't work as hard as anyone else,   but where have you seen this ?
He could hardly look at the clip ...
This guy has no soul, and he's proud of it.
This 11 year old needs to be told the truth ! Your parents are criminals and you don't belong here .  Come in legally with a job and housing .  No welfare to illegals !!
Americans will not do those dangerous,poorly paid jobs, these industries could not function without this immigrant labour. It is a nation of immigrants isn’t it ? For gods sake Trumps had 2 foreign wives ....!
They left children without their parents. In some cases, BOTH parents. They made NO arrangements for THOSE children and infants for the NEXT days or weeks or even the immediate hours after they took their parents. ABSOLUTELY NO MORALS.
DISGUSTING!!
BrendaAnne, Are you truly this stupid?
Child Services Handel those children not ICE.
Moron!
@David Grover Wow!
Republicans are just GROSS!! 
He just made excuses and lied.
Republicans are EVIL.
Democrats are scum of the Earth, total lawless losers. BTW, Obama deported more people than every other President. Thats ok though, he was a Democrat so he gets a pass.
There is so much corruption and crimes against humanity !! They have to agree with Trump or loose their job . Their job is to abuse innocent poor people. Shame on them !!
No, these are our immigration laws.
   Why do you care about illegals more than people sleeping in the streets 
in the Democrat shitholes ?
The employers need to be prosecuted  full force of the law.
What a nice guy. 🙄
Poor darling. The powers currently in control don't care about you, little one. They would just as soon see you dead.  Their loyalty is with their master, Trump.  I pray God keeps you all well until we can return this great nation to some resemblance of humanity. God speed, child.
Don't worry little in 2020 come around is not going to be Trump president in the White House or in the Senate and we all fondly be Saved from those people's okay Now I remember why that I leaves the Republicans party in the first place
You'll be saved ?
 are you an illegal too?
Democrats:  Using children as human shields for your political gain has consequences.  Stop illegal immigration now.
Dont care,thats the fathers fault for dragging her kid here illegally!
Michael Kelligan you don’t care. ?  What a great guy you are. God will judge you.
@Magick Moi There is no god!
It went off without a hitch. Does that mean the little girl isn't important? The trauma they have caused her will torment her for life and others. Coward couldn't even look at the video. This is not the America it was. Shameful and cruel!
American children cry when their parents get arrested. It's a sad state of affairs when adults act criminally. Obama deported several million. Deporter and Chief was one of Obama's nick names. Illegals KNEW this could happen. Illegals Know they've broken the law. If you feel it is insensitive to correct law breakers, you are not thinking rationally. And you hate the people who take care to follow the law. And the Poem about the Statue of Liberty is NOT law. It is previous propaganda from the left in another time to push for people to come unhindered into the USA. The poor used to come for a chance. The poor now come for medicare for all promises. They come brandishing the flags of other nation and with criticism for Americans. #BuildTheWall
He’s a HYPOCRITE but no matter what if he’s RELIGIOUS he’ll have to ANSWER to it,was just DOING MY JOB NOT GOING TO CUT IT.
or as the germans said after wwII, they were 'just following orders'.
Really? Can't you wait after he/she drop off their kids...rather than in front of their kids? What a heartless human being
The ICE chief is just another criminal thug, bought and paid for by our racist criminal president and head warden of the kiddie prisons, none other than our draft dodging, president bone spurs. May God help us.
No President Trump took an oath to protect our country and to uphold its laws.
   The criminals are the ones who break into our country illegally.
   Blame the parents.
That ICE director could fix these problems with just his biceps💪
Show that to Trump instead.
I will never vote republican im convinced they are less than human...#DEVILPEOPLE.
Why do the Democrats obstruct immigration reform laws,
 while people are sleeping in the streets in their cities ?
THEY ARE HEARTLESS...
I can see his point.
THEY HAD A JOB FAIR THE SAME DAY THIS IS BY DEFINITION A CONSPIRACY.
american nazis
Remember he is just following orders just like the Germans in the 1930's.